{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz1428EF_GRAD_wght1F40000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green50\blue144;
\red234\green234\blue234;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5098\c27843\c63137;
\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Practical Application: Comparing Classifiers\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Overview
\f2\b0 : In this practical application, your goal is to compare the performance of the classifiers we encountered in this section, namely K Nearest Neighbor, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, and Support Vector Machines. We will utilize a dataset related to marketing bank products over the telephone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Getting Started\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 Our dataset comes from the UCI Machine Learning repository\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/bank+marketing"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 link}}. The data is from a Portugese banking institution and is a collection of the results of multiple marketing campaigns. We will make use of the article accompanying the dataset\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8889/files/Documents/ml_projects/BankMarketingCampaign/CRISP-DM-BANK.pdf?_xsrf=2%7Cce077a6f%7C30e816ade4e631e3a773df318ccd099e%7C1781193942"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 here}}\'a0for more information on the data and features.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 Problem 1: Understanding the Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 To gain a better understanding of the data, please read the information provided in the UCI link above, and examine the\'a0
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Materials and Methods
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0section of the paper. How many marketing campaigns does this data represent?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 Problem 2: Read in the Data{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8889/notebooks/Documents/ml_projects/BankMarketingCampaign/prompt_III.ipynb?#Problem-2:-Read-in-the-Data"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \'b6}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 Use pandas to read in the dataset\'a0
\f4 \cf2 \cb5 \strokec2 bank-additional-full.csv
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0and assign to a meaningful variable name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 Problem 3: Understanding the Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Examine the data description below, and determine if any of the features are missing values or need to be coerced to a different data type.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 Input variables:\
# bank client data:\
1 - age (numeric)\
2 - job : type of job (categorical: 'admin.','blue-collar','entrepreneur','housemaid','management','retired','self-employed','services','student','technician','unemployed','unknown')\
3 - marital : marital status (categorical: 'divorced','married','single','unknown'; note: 'divorced' means divorced or widowed)\
4 - education (categorical: 'basic.4y','basic.6y','basic.9y','high.school','illiterate','professional.course','university.degree','unknown')\
5 - default: has credit in default? (categorical: 'no','yes','unknown')\
6 - housing: has housing loan? (categorical: 'no','yes','unknown')\
7 - loan: has personal loan? (categorical: 'no','yes','unknown')\
# related with the last contact of the current campaign:\
8 - contact: contact communication type (categorical: 'cellular','telephone')\
9 - month: last contact month of year (categorical: 'jan', 'feb', 'mar', ..., 'nov', 'dec')\
10 - day_of_week: last contact day of the week (categorical: 'mon','tue','wed','thu','fri')\
11 - duration: last contact duration, in seconds (numeric). Important note: this attribute highly affects the output target (e.g., if duration=0 then y='no'). Yet, the duration is not known before a call is performed. Also, after the end of the call y is obviously known. Thus, this input should only be included for benchmark purposes and should be discarded if the intention is to have a realistic predictive model.\
# other attributes:\
12 - campaign: number of contacts performed during this campaign and for this client (numeric, includes last contact)\
13 - pdays: number of days that passed by after the client was last contacted from a previous campaign (numeric; 999 means client was not previously contacted)\
14 - previous: number of contacts performed before this campaign and for this client (numeric)\
15 - poutcome: outcome of the previous marketing campaign (categorical: 'failure','nonexistent','success')\
# social and economic context attributes\
16 - emp.var.rate: employment variation rate - quarterly indicator (numeric)\
17 - cons.price.idx: consumer price index - monthly indicator (numeric)\
18 - cons.conf.idx: consumer confidence index - monthly indicator (numeric)\
19 - euribor3m: euribor 3 month rate - daily indicator (numeric)\
20 - nr.employed: number of employees - quarterly indicator (numeric)\
\
Output variable (desired target):\
21 - y - has the client subscribed a term deposit? (binary: 'yes','no')\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 Problem 4: Understanding the Task\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 After examining the description and data, your goal now is to clearly state the\'a0
\f5\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Business Objective
\f2\i0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0of the task. State the objective below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 Problem 5: Engineering Features\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Now that you understand your business objective, we will build a basic model to get started. Before we can do this, we must work to encode the data. Using just the bank information features, prepare the features and target column for modeling with appropriate encoding and transformations.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Problem 6: Train/Test Split\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 With your data prepared, split it into a train and test set.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Problem 7: A Baseline Model{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8889/notebooks/Documents/ml_projects/BankMarketingCampaign/prompt_III.ipynb?#Problem-7:-A-Baseline-Model"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \'b6}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 Before we build our first model, we want to establish a baseline. What is the baseline performance that our classifier should aim to beat?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Problem 8: A Simple Model\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 Use Logistic Regression to build a basic model on your data.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Problem 9: Score the Model\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 What is the accuracy of your model?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Problem 10: Model Comparisons\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Now, we aim to compare the performance of the Logistic Regression model to our KNN algorithm, Decision Tree, and SVM models. Using the default settings for each of the models, fit and score each. Also, be sure to compare the fit time of each of the models. Present your findings in a\'a0
\f4 \cf2 \cb5 \strokec2 DataFrame
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0similar to that below:\

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trmarl4369 \tamarb130 \trmarr4370 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1051\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1612\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2187\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2088\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 Model\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Train Time\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Train Accuracy\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Test Accuracy\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trmarl4369 \tamarb130 \trmarr4370 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clwWidth1051\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clwWidth1612\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clwWidth2187\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clwWidth2088\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt130 \clpadl130 \clpadb130 \clpadr130 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 .\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 .\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa322\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Problem 11: Improving the Model{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8889/notebooks/Documents/ml_projects/BankMarketingCampaign/prompt_III.ipynb?#Problem-11:-Improving-the-Model"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \'b6}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Now that we have some basic models on the board, we want to try to improve these. Below, we list a few things to explore in this pursuit.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hyperparameter tuning and grid search. All of our models have additional hyperparameters to tune and explore. For example the number of neighbors in KNN or the maximum depth of a Decision Tree.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Adjust your performance metric\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
\
}